Exchange now requires api key (#134)
makerdao/oracle-suite: cmd/gofer/README.md

make
```

## Origins configuration

> Some origins might require additional configuration parameters like `API Key`.
> In current implementation we have `openexchangerates` and `coinmarketcap`. Both of this origins requires `API Key`.
> To configure this origins we provided `origins` field in configuration files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some origins might require additional configuration parameters like an `API Key`.
In the current implementation, we have `openexchangerates` and `coinmarketcap`. Both of these origins require an `API Key`.
To configure these origins we provided `origins` field in configuration files.
```
